docs: `HTMLMediaElement.controlsList` is not read-only (#38302)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlmediaelement/controlslist/index.md

A {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}}.

> The value of `controlsList` can be set by passing a string containing the `controlsList` attribute; for example `"nodownload"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value of `controlsList` can be set by passing a string representing the `DOMTokenList`'s {{domxref("DOMTokenList/value", "value")}} property.
```

## Examples

### Getting the controlsList property

The `controlsList` property returns a {{domxref("DOMTokenList")}} object containing the current set value.

```js
let video = document.createElement("video");
console.log(video.controlsList.value); // ""

video.controlsList = "nodownload nofullscreen";

> console.log(video.controlsList.value); // "nodownload nofullscreen"

Reviewer: 1. Use `const`
2. The second half demonstrates setting, which I think should be shown in the second section. Here, you may want to demonstrate _mutation_, such as `video.controlsList.add("nodownload", "nofullscreen")`.

Author: 1. Fair, copied that over from the `.media` example
2. Yeah was on the fence about this. Whilst it does show setting, the default value (`""`) isn't exactly interesting or helpful in terms of what format the user can expect this to return. However, some other APIs are documented as such so I suppose it's consistent, though a bit unhelpful IMO.

> let video = document.createElement("video");
> console.log(video.controlsList.value); // ""
> 
> video.controlsList = "nodownload nofullscreen";
> console.log(video.controlsList.value); // "nodownload nofullscreen"

Author: ```suggestion
const video = document.createElement("video");
console.log(video.controlsList.value); // ""
```
